# SCM
Source code managment assignment
  Source code management or SCM is used to manage source code. It allows users to make revisions and version of there code easily. As well as allow others to collaborate on one piece of code while still having there own version. There are many different times where I could have and should have used this technique. I think the one time this would be very effective though is in long, constantly updating code.

  For example, the coding project we recently just did with the cashier’s line would have been a great time to use SCM. Because it was constantly changing and being rearranged to see if I could get the correct numbers and there were multiple different parts. If I had used SCM you also would have been able to see the revisions I made to the program. Originally when I started all I had was the code you gave us and then I started to add my own. When it didn’t run, I just scrapped it all and started fresh. With SCM I could have kept the code I had but reverted to the original to try to take a new path. And when it finally did run, it didn’t run correctly but that could have just been version one of the five I ended up making. And in each one fixing minor things until finally I got the code to run exactly the way I wanted it too. 

  Source code management is a very helpful tool. It allows people to not only make edits and changes to their own code with time stamps and versions. But it also helps people collaborate and create their own version of code for what suits their needs. Overall, it could definently make version control with code much easier and more helpful.

